worried about me do you think you played a trick on me
defending the so-called Yes man
But I said that let's see It's that I
think it hasn't been a trick on me I
think that taking a stand with Rocío and more
than taking a stand with Rocío I would go a
step further no I think that being a feminist and
committing to feminism and to the
victims of gender violence has
taken its toll on me it's obvious but I would
do it again Carlota corredera
continues to stand firm in her position
with Rocío Carrasco and affirms that she won't
budge from there no matter what it
cost her This is something that
Jorge Javier also told me when I
was talking to him that he doesn't care
and that they are fine Despite the fact that it
cost them the program or whatever to have done what they
did with Antonio David
that they are very proud and
feel very happy with what they have
exposed and that this had to be done would
I change it no no and in fact I
think that the future of journalism depends
on feminist journalism no And
then Well then eh If you are not with
equality it will be complicated not to be